hello my first parcel arrived
site aliexpress I ordered a handbag
myself February 20
today is March 14th and the package has already arrived
I received it today at the post office here
here is the weight specified china 200 grams but why
then it turned out 216 grams
package wrapped jelly became well probably can
be boring possessed things once about such
state of parcel
your ass pakesh what is very interesting
I see what's there
law is such a drawing interesting or
untied the parcel something there rather
It was all in this package but can
be it at customs and we have taken out
I wonder what was like this
Odessa handbag yourself may have been to you
present
because this is my first order usually
when they try to make the first order
present
packed here so flew
and here is a protective fabric scored such
a small handbag for the summer handbag worth
6 dollars 57 cents means this
handbag but in principle
I like very good quality
such a pretty handbag a little
summer so here we don't give a damn
magnet everything works so neat
shovchiki so lock here even should
be still a strap
before
Here we put the protective paper inside
neatly
side side's pocket fastens
so new so here for the document to in
pocket
So
catch so here is a handbag
unzipped his free pouch
that is, you can make pancakes strap by
the sides are fastened to the bag
while wears a handbag from the stage
and I will try a long strap
fasten what we have here and
Here is a nice little bag there
many colors
I think that for 6 dollars 57 cents
Overall, not bad and a handbag for the summer here
it will look like if it fills
so supreme then i am pleased with me
Miki liked two good quality
handbags very gentle soft still goes to
I have some packages with aliexpress
so stay with me
who will be interested to open together
Thanks for all the package